hi everyone my name is chef Relangi I'm
the Executive Chef of Turner's yard in
Pembroke Massachusetts today I'm gonna
show you my take on how a season regard
to full lasagna so first of all I'm an
Italian and we always have lasagna every
Sunday in my house so my mom and my dad
my dad was a chef and he was a great
chef and my mom was a phenomenal cook
and I always had her lasagna she was
only made lasagna she got my
grandmother's recipe and she always put
eggs Parmesan cheese fresh basil some
dried spices dried herbs and it was the
best thing I've ever had so I want to
show you what I grew up on and how I do
it first thing we're gonna have you do
this I'm gonna take two pounds of
Raghava now I use two pounds of regards
it because if you go to your local
grocery store it usually comes in a two
pound container what we're gonna do is
we're gonna mix two pounds ragazza gonna
mix it in a little bit bigger bowl and I
always put eggs in the Regal out there
because if you don't it comes out really
soupy and you want something to bind it
and tighten it so I'm gonna crack two
eggs in a separate Bowl that way I'm not
chasing the little egg yolks all around
so we'll break up a couple egg yolks now
we can add that into our Agartha
Harford's once we've done that I'm gonna
take some fresh basil I love absolutely
love fresh basil there's nothing better
nothing smells more vibrant and nothing
more Italian than fresh basil what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna roll it then roll
it up like kind of like a cigar and I'm
gonna slice it and chop it really really
fine with a sharp knife
we call that Shifa nod once I do that
that's gonna go right in my bowl I'm
gonna add some dried basil dried oregano
I'm gonna put some granulated excuse-me
granulated garlic some granulated onion
now you don't have to put you know a
tablespoon or teaspoon it's all to your
taste cracked black pepper I always like
to crack my black pepper I don't like to
use
a shard or a can black pepper if I can
help it and for this recipe since we're
using 2 pounds are gonna use about a cup
of grated Parmesan cheese now we graded
this a little bit earlier from a nice
big block of cheese super simple
I'm gonna take my whip I'm gonna whip it
together
great now season it to taste if you like
a little bit more grated cheese don't be
afraid there's no rules on it and that's
pretty much what we're gonna do now that
we're gonna take this we're gonna layer
this in lasagne
we're gonna put some sauce some grated
cheese a little bit more later this it's
gonna puff up nice you know a great
great great taste in lasagne I guarantee
it my name is chef Relangi this is how
we make seasoned regatta
you